this is it the end you're packing up
everything you can in whatever bags you
have food
clothes toiletries the news in the
background goes on
red alerts flashing all over the screen
you check your watch
and you know it's time you haven't even
finished packing yet
you rush out of your house and see
everyone else lugging
suitcases hurriedly you get in your car
and drive
out as fast as you can dodging all the
people running around
you arrive at a secluded place in the
woods you've been working on your
personal bunker for years
it's able to withstand the worst
conditions tornadoes
hurricanes volcanoes and hopefully
asteroids you run to the bunker
hidden away next to some bushes and
trees there's no way
anybody would know it's there the door
looks like the ones in bank vaults that
contain huge piles of money
on the other side a ladder that goes
down 30 feet
through a dark tunnel the first thing
you do
is power up the place it's all run on
heavy duty batteries
powered from solar panels above as a
backup
a fuel-powered generator hopefully you
won't need to use it
but your life motto is a person can't
have too many fail safes
the entire bunker is built from concrete
and steel
to maintain maximum durability the walls
are several feet thick
you can finally let out that sigh of
relief because you made it
just in time you suddenly feel the
ground vibrate
the walls tremble fear tightens in your
chest
when all the cabinet doors shake open
and the stored food starts tumbling out
did you miscalculate is this thing gonna
hold up
the asteroid made contact far from where
you are
but it feels like it fell right on top
of you the sound is deafening
and the shock waves seem to never end
the light flickers
the flying dust is hazing your vision
and filling your lungs
you grab a mask with one final thought
this is it
the bunker's going to collapse at least
i tried
one month later you're making breakfast
after another sleepless night luckily
you stored more than enough food and
what variety
canned tuna corn beef beans sardines
then there's the dried goods rice
powdered milk
pasta noodles and even some treats honey
and chocolate
you also allowed yourself soda and juice
but
water makes up most of your stored
hydrators
this place has been and will continue to
be
your home for who knows weeks
months years the thought sends a chill
down your spine
at least you're in an ideal location far
inland and away from any coast so any
possible tidal waves shouldn't have
flooded your area
you can't imagine what it looks like up
there please
don't let it be like the dinosaurs part
two
you need a distraction to take your
thoughts away from the worst case
scenario
you walk through your house like a real
estate agent
giving a tour to potential buyers at the
entrance
you have the living quarters a couch and
coffee table
with some outdated magazines and board
games
in front of you a small flat screen tv
with a dvd player
sadly no internet but all those movies
should keep you company
on a table nearby you have a radio and
telecommunications speaker
that's like your ears and mouth to the
outside
you also have your library with all
sorts of books
classics contemporary and any genre
as long as it keeps your mind occupied
and if none of that helps you pass the
time
there's always the video game consoles
linked up to the tv
ah yes the gym area it's smartest
just a treadmill and some dumbbells you
try to get plenty of cardio and
weightlifting in
to keep yourself fit and healthy well
for someone living underground like a
mole
of course you have the kitchen it's got
a good sized mini fridge
and a stainless steel sink with a bunch
of cabinets storing all the goodies
you hooked this place up with plumbing
and pipes bringing in
clean drinking water in case those stop
working
you have water stored the bathroom has a
functioning toilet
sink and a shower that's connected to
the hot water pump
there's even a washer and dryer nearby
there's also a little workshop area if
something breaks
you can fix it here you can also build
some things out of scrap material
a chair or table if need be a little
figurine to put on the shelf
and keep you company down some steps
you have another vital piece of the
bunker the greenhouse
it's all on lamps with artificial
sunlight for
obvious reasons you'd be way worse off
if you didn't have your fresh fruits and
veggies
it's all self-sustaining too any rotten
or bad crops
go into making compost for the soil to
keep it well nourished you can forget
about relying on meat for protein
quinoa beans lentils chickpeas
mushrooms they get the job done and just
in case you're not getting every single
mineral your body needs
you manage to stock up on maltese
vitamin d
is a big one for life underground
without the sun
not far away from your little
subterranean farm is your bedroom
it's got a queen-size bed nightstand on
the right small wardrobe on the left
you don't have much variety in your
attire but who's gonna notice if you
wear the same outfit twice
the dust mites you go down a ladder
to find the generator room there's a
reason why it's further underground
and sealed with soundproof material the
generator kicks in
every now and then and it's pretty noisy
it's also hooked up with the ventilation
system
so the exhaust goes outside
then there's the lung room
all these weird-looking boxes are pumps
that bring in oxygen from the outside
world
but it has an advanced filtration system
to clean the air before pumping it
into your shelter down here
is also the storage room every spare
part of
anything goes here extra couch mattress
sinks even two freezers for those frozen
goods
just in case so what's a day like in the
bunker
first whip up some breakfast and enjoy a
cup of coffee
then you head over to the communication
radio to hear if there's any news from
the outside
world so far there's been none
as soon as you're done you head to the
greenhouse for some quick farming
you really like being in there because
it feels like you're outside enjoying
nature
at least a little bit you pick anything
that's ripe
and bring it into the kitchen for a wash
and wouldn't you know it it's lunch time
you prepare yourself a nice salad of
cucumbers tomatoes and lettuce
some beets on the side pasta and you eat
it up
after lunch you pop in a dvd you haven't
watched in a while
after the movie you go around and do a
quick check on the oxygen levels in
water
today happens to be your scheduled
generator checkup as well
you head down to the basement to glance
at the fuel level
and oxygen filters all good so far
though the thought of an even more
extended stay
worries you what if you run out of fuel
you spend a few hours in the workshop
tinkering around
currently no fixer-upper projects and
you're not feeling especially creative
today
so you head to the gym today's leg day
you dread it some things never change
before you know it it's time for dinner
you heat up some noodles
and chill in the living room listening
to some tunes in the music player
this place cost you a little over one
hundred thousand dollars
from digging up the site to construction
and finally installing all the necessary
systems needed for survival
and that's not including the extra food
and personal activities for the bunker
yes you're lucky all those luxuries make
life good
almost nothing new from the outside
world after a whole month
you've always been a bit of an introvert
but this place is starting to push you a
little
you're getting lonely the sound of the
radio snaps you out of your thoughts
static no a muffled voice
someone's trying to contact you you bolt
over to the communication radio
nearly tripping over your own feet from
the shock
we made it you're overcome with emotion
you've gotten pretty used to your life
underground but it's finally time to
swing the door open
and head out into the world